operator expressions: add &raw (#1567)
rust-lang/reference: src/expressions/operator-expr.md

> **<sup>Syntax</sup>**\
> _BorrowExpression_ :\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; (`&`|`&&`) [_Expression_]\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; | (`&`|`&&`) `mut` [_Expression_]\

> > &nbsp;&nbsp; | (`&`|`&&`) `raw` `const [_Expression_]\

Reviewer: Looks to be missing a back tick.

```suggestion
> &nbsp;&nbsp; | (`&`|`&&`) `raw` `const` [_Expression_]\
```

let a = & & & & mut 10;
```

> ### Raw pointer operators

Author: I am not sure what is the best thing to call it. Another possible name here might be "Raw borrow expression/operator", to make it clear that this is very similar to reference-creating operations. After all this is in a section titled "borrow operators".

Reviewer 2: "Raw borrow" sounds right to me.  A "raw borrow" creates a "raw reference", which, yes, is also a "raw pointer".

Author: All right, I have switched the PR to use "raw borrow operator".

Related to the borrow operators are the *raw pointer operators*, `&raw const` and `&raw mut`.

> The expression `expr` is evaluated in place expression context.

Reviewer: What `expr` is hasn't been specified (as the old text it was referring to has been removed).

```suggestion
The operand expression of the raw pointer operator is evaluated in place expression context.
```

let packed = Packed { f1: 1, f2: 2 };
// `&packed.f2` would create an unaligned reference, and thus be Undefined Behavior!

> let raw_f2 = &raw const packed.f2;

Author: I assume this will fail in CI since the operator is not stable yet. Not sure how you usually stage this.

Reviewer: Yea, CI will just be red until the stabilization PR hits nightly, after which point we can merge this.
